Implementation of KmerFinder subworkflow Custom Quast, and Custom MultiQC Reports (#135)
nf-core/bacass: README.md

In all cases, the assembly is assessed using [QUAST](http://bioinf.spbau.ru/quast). The resulting bacterial assembly is furthermore annotated using [Prokka](https://github.com/tseemann/prokka), [Bakta](https://github.com/oschwengers/bakta) or [DFAST](https://github.com/nigyta/dfast_core).

> In specific cases where samples recorded in the input samplesheet belong to more than one species, the pipeline finds and downloads their respectve reference genomes (this also works with single specie input samplesheet). It then groups the samples into batches and collects assembly QC results based on their corresponding reference genomes.

Reviewer: typos?
```suggestion
In specific cases where samples recorded in the input samplesheet belong to more than one species, the pipeline finds and downloads their respective reference genomes (this also works with single species input samplesheet). It then groups the samples into batches and collects assembly QC results based on their corresponding reference genomes.
```

> NOTE: This scenario is supported when [Kmerfinder](https://bitbucket.org/genomicepidemiology/kmerfinder/src/master/) analysis is performed only.

> In cases where input samplesheet has files where , the pipeline will group samples in batches according to their reference genomes and will provide a general QUAST containing all the input samples and a by reference genome QUAST report, that is, a quast report for each reference genome.

Reviewer: Something seems off with the beginning of this sentence.

Author: God, true. Updating this.
